                     CLASS METHOD PARAMETER PARSER
----------------------------------------------------------------------

by Darren Duncan <perl@DarrenDuncan.net>

CONTENTS

* Preface
* Keeping Up To Date
* Requirements
* Installation
* Support
* To Do
* Author

PREFACE

This distribution features the Perl 5 module named "Class::ParamParser".

All of my modules have complete POD inside of them, so please refer to that for a
description of the module itself.

This Read Me document concerns itself mainly with installation and support
issues, and also includes any "To Do" lists and the file manifest.

KEEPING UP TO DATE

My module set is constantly under development.  You should be able to find the
newest versions at my website, "http://www.DarrenDuncan.net", on the page called
"Perl Libraries I Made" (name subject to change).  They can also be found on CPAN
under the author name of "DUNCAND".  

I am inclined to update the copies on my web site more often, but those
intermediate versions are more likely to have been tested less, and the modules
may be updated day by day without increasing the version numbers.  However, the
copies on CPAN are guaranteed to have unique version numbers when the module has
changed.

REQUIREMENTS

All of my modules require Perl 5.004 or newer, even though only some of them need
it, in the interest of consistency.  This module doesn't require anything else.

INSTALLATION

There is a makefile included, and it should work like any standard makefile.  
After extracting the files from this archive and into a directory, you would 
presumably cd into that directory and run "make" like this:

	perl MakeFile.pl
	make
	make test
	make install

If that doesn't work for some reason, you will instead have to install this the
old fashioned way, by copying.  The file "ParamParser.pm" goes inside the "Class"
folder which is in the "lib" folder that came with your Perl 5 distribution.  Or
alternately, put it anywhere you want, but you will need to have that location
added to your include path by your main program using something like this:

	use lib '/users/me/www_files/lib';

Then you would want to run the included test program to make sure the module is 
installed correctly.  Call it with:

	perl Test.pl

Any existing POD is embedded in the module itself, so you will have to look there
to see it, or run a POD extractor on it yourself, or look at the copy on CPAN
that is dutifully extracted and turned to HTML.

SUPPORT

Currently I don't have any support arranged with other people, lists, newsgroups,
or otherwise.  Feel free to ask me if you can't figure things out on your own, or
another person whom you know has used this.

TO DO

	* Verify that the MakeFile is working.  I know that the Test works.

AUTHOR

Copyright (c) 1999-2001, Darren R. Duncan. All rights reserved. These modules are
free software; you can redistribute them and/or modify them under the same terms
as Perl itself.  However, I do request that their copyright information remains
attached to the files.  If you modify this module and redistribute a changed
version then please attach a note listing the modifications.

I am always interested in knowing how my work helps others, so if you put this
module to use in any of your own code then please send me the URL.  Also, if you
make modifications to the module because it doesn't work the way you need, please
send me a copy so that I can roll desirable changes into the main release.

Address comments, suggestions, and bug reports to perl@DarrenDuncan.net.

Share and Enjoy!
